Update fp instruction (#1326)
facebookresearch/habitat-lab: SIRO_README.md

# Floorplanner Dataset

> FP is actually five distinct pieces: (1) Floorplanner scenes, (2) Amazon-Berkeley objects, (3) Google Scanned objects, (4) Floorplanner scenes, and (5) Floorplanner episodes. (assuming you already have ycb objects)

Reviewer: You have "Floorplanner scenes" twice here. :)

1. Download Floorplanner Scenes:
```
# Go to the habitat data directory
cd habitat-lab/data
# Make sure you have git-lfs installed
git lfs install
# Clone dataset, and it will take a while to finish
git clone https://huggingface.co/datasets/fpss/fphab
# change the name, and Floorplanner Scenes is ready to use

> mv fphab fpss

Reviewer: Is this really necessary? Can we instead update our references to `fpss` to point to the correct `fphab`?

Author: Hi Eric! thanks this. I think this is necessary as when I generated the dataset, I used `fpss` due to the fact that it was `fpss` before. If we change this, we need to re-generate the dataset. I think we can keep this as it is for now, and I can generate the dataset using `fphab`

Reviewer 2: Alternatively, we could instruct to create a symlink to the dataset. This also allows for sharing the data with multiple clones, which I assume is a common setup.

`ln -s /path/to/fpss/fphab data/fpss`

> 1. Download Floorplanner Scenes:
> ```
> # Go to the habitat data directory
> cd habitat-lab/data
> # Make sure you have git-lfs installed
> git lfs install
> # Clone dataset, and it will take a while to finish
> git clone https://huggingface.co/datasets/fpss/fphab
> # change the name, and Floorplanner Scenes is ready to use
> mv fphab fpss

Reviewer 3: How about this? I've modified instructions a bit and added sanity check to make sure complete FP scenes dataset was downloaded from the Hugging Face.
```suggestion
# 1. Go to the habitat data directory
cd habitat-lab/data
# 2. Install Git LFS from https://git-lfs.com/
# 3. Set up Git LFS for your user account
git lfs install
# 4. Clone dataset (it will take a while to finish)
git clone https://huggingface.co/datasets/fpss/fphab
# 5. Change the name, and Floorplanner Scenes is ready to use
mv fphab fpss
# 6. Sanity check (this should open FP scene in the habitat viewer)
# ./build/viewer if compiling locally
habitat-viewer --enable-physics --dataset /path/to/data/fpss/fphab/fphab.scene_dataset_config.json -- 108294897_176710602.scene_instance.json
```

> # Go to the habitat data directory
> cd habitat-lab/data
> # Make sure you have git-lfs installed
> git lfs install
> # Clone dataset, and it will take a while to finish
> git clone https://huggingface.co/datasets/fpss/fphab
> # change the name, and Floorplanner Scenes is ready to use
> mv fphab fpss

Reviewer 3: How about this? I've modified instructions a bit and added sanity check to make sure complete FP scenes dataset was downloaded from the Hugging Face.
```suggestion
# 1. Go to the habitat data directory
cd habitat-lab/data
# 2. Install Git LFS from https://git-lfs.com/
# 3. Set up Git LFS for your user account
git lfs install
# 4. Clone dataset (it will take a while to finish)
git clone https://huggingface.co/datasets/fpss/fphab
# 5. Change the name, and Floorplanner Scenes is ready to use
mv fphab fpss
# 6. Sanity check (this should open FP scene in the habitat viewer)
# ./build/viewer if compiling locally
habitat-viewer --enable-physics --dataset /path/to/data/fpss/fphab/fphab.scene_dataset_config.json -- 108294897_176710602.scene_instance.json
```

Author: thanks for this! :D

> # Go to the habitat data directory
> cd habitat-lab/data
> # Make sure you have git-lfs installed
> git lfs install
> # Clone dataset, and it will take a while to finish
> git clone https://huggingface.co/datasets/fpss/fphab
> # change the name, and Floorplanner Scenes is ready to use
> mv fphab fpss

Reviewer 3: How about this? I've modified instructions a bit and added sanity check to make sure complete FP scenes dataset was downloaded from the Hugging Face.
```suggestion
# 1. Go to the habitat data directory
cd habitat-lab/data
# 2. Install Git LFS from https://git-lfs.com/
# 3. Set up Git LFS for your user account
git lfs install
# 4. Clone dataset (it will take a while to finish)
git clone https://huggingface.co/datasets/fpss/fphab
# 5. Change the name, and Floorplanner Scenes is ready to use
mv fphab fpss
# 6. Sanity check (this should open FP scene in the habitat viewer)
# ./build/viewer if compiling locally
habitat-viewer --enable-physics --dataset /path/to/data/fpss/fphab/fphab.scene_dataset_config.json -- 108294897_176710602.scene_instance.json
```
```suggestion
# Go to the habitat data directory
cd habitat-lab/data
# Make sure you have git-lfs installed
git lfs install
# Clone dataset, and it will take a while to finish
git clone https://huggingface.co/datasets/fpss/fphab
# change the name, and Floorplanner Scenes is ready to use
mv fphab fpss
```
```suggestion
# Go to the habitat data directory
cd habitat-lab/data
# Make sure you have git-lfs installed
git lfs install
# Clone dataset, and it will take a while to finish
git clone https://huggingface.co/datasets/fpss/fphab
# change the name, and Floorplanner Scenes is ready to use
mv fphab fpss
```

```
2. Download [Amazon and Google object archives](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1x6i3sDYheCWoi59lv27ZyPG4Ii2GhEZB)
3. Extract these two object datasets into `habitat-lab/data` as follows:
```
cd objects
tar -xvf ~/Downloads/google_object_dataset.tar.gz
tar -xvf ~/Downloads/amazon_berkeley.tar.gz
```
4. Download FP episodes:
```
# Go to the habitat datasets directory
cd habitat-lab/data/datasets
# Clone dataset

> git clone https://github.com/jimmytyyang/floorplanner.git

Reviewer: Also, how about a public repo for this data? I don't think it's very sensitive data, and it'll reduce headaches for new users that don't have to bug you for repo access.

> git clone https://github.com/jimmytyyang/floorplanner.git

Author: Hi Eric! thanks for this! I am not sure if this is okay as I think it is not legal approved yet

> git clone https://github.com/jimmytyyang/floorplanner.git

Author: the choice of the name is to reduce the burden of changing something in config and other part of the SIRo codebase. But I do agree with you that the name could be confusing

> git clone https://github.com/jimmytyyang/floorplanner.git

Reviewer: >I am not sure if this is okay as I think it is not legal approved yet
Unless you've heard specific guidance, I think it's safe to use reasonable judgement here. All of SIRo's code is already public OSS. These episode datasets are pretty lightweight data and useless without the accompanying code and scene dataset. I think it would be safe to make it public.

> git clone https://github.com/jimmytyyang/floorplanner.git

Reviewer: >The choice of the name is to reduce the burden of changing something in config and other part of the SIRo codebase.
I agree it's more work for you in this PR.

But consider the alternative: now that you've created the repo with this confusing name, it's harder to fix the name in the future: nobody but you has the permissions to rename/recreate the repo.
